[[Crown of Everseason]] is an ancient druidic relic within the continent of [[Continent of Vallarian|Valla]] that was accidentally created during the [[Pact of Season]], an occurrence between the [[Druidic Pantheon]] to prevent conflict amongst one another. As this relic was created before the existence of the [[Pact of Lord Death]], such an occurrence was still possible at the time. Though the relic itself was split apart around 100 years before the [[Calamity Era]], even a single shard of the crown remains powerful enough to fight against a small group of well trained soldiers if it falls into the hands of even a novice mage.

This has raised concern for the [[Holy Order]], a guild designed to protect the [[Plane of Terra]]/Material Plane from otherworldly dangers such as [[Fiends]], [[Aberration]], and other planar threats. Thus, a new 'chase' has begun after one of the most powerful pieces of the [[Crown of Everseason]]. To be exact, one of the four gemstone fragments from the centerpiece of the crown. It was located within the [[City of Arcane Bay]], believed to be auctioned off within the magical [[Black Market]] that the [[City of Arcane Bay]] is known for.

The [[Holy Order]] does not wish for this [[Druidic Magic]] relic to fall into the wrong hands, especially with the movement of [[The Black Legion]] around the [[City of Arcane Bay]], alongside their ties toward [[Aberration]], which further raises concern within the [[Holy Order Family]].

This is where you and several others come in, as this magical relic cannot be allowed to fall into the wrong hands. Perhaps the [[Holy Order]] persuaded you with wealth, fame, or even a special favor that their massive network could fulfill. Whatever your reason may be, you now walk the same path as everyone else seeking to retrieve this piece of the [[Crown of Everseason]].

You and the others will meet with a representative of the [[Holy Order]] within the church of [[Talia the Weaver|Talia]] at the outskirts of the [[City of Arcane Bay]], as this mission is somewhat secretive and meant to avoid raising suspicion amongst those attending the auction.